[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: So $.each,
this just iterates over something.
It iterates either over on
an array-like thing or an object.
So it's gonna go through, here it's
gonna go through an array and for
every item in the array callback with
the index of the array so 0, 1, 2.
It's gonna callback this function and
then also with the value at that index so
a, b, c.
And then if you pass $.each a object,
it's going to call back
with the property so foo,
zed and then the value bar, ted.
>> Justin Meyer: So
we're gonna implement $.each.
So another ten minutes on
the board unless there
are any other questions how to do this.
So this is we're going to be
being passed a function and
you have to call that function.
You're going to set up a loop a for
loop or for
in loop depending on if
this is array-like or not.
Depending on if this is array-like or not,
you're not going to do
either type of loop.
You're gonna do a for in loop if it's
not array-like and a for, a normal for
loop if it is array-like.
And then you're gonna call
this function back for
each iteration of that loop
with the index in value.